Time to do a check-up on the patients.
Can you please wake her up so I can examine her?
Hey, Aunt Helen, the nurse needs to run some exams on you.
Aunt Helen.
It's weird.
Why is she sleeping so suddenly?
There's been an emergency with the patients in room 405.
Please inform her family.
She has been confirmed that...
What?
Boss is still unknown.
No.
No. Aunt Helen.
Wake up.
Helen, wake up.
What happened?
Because yesterday she was perfectly fine and now all of a sudden she's fucking dead.
We still don't know the cause yet.
We've called the police.
They will determine the cause of death.
Samantha, you promise to keep her safe.
Is this what your fucking promises cost to you, huh?